学习方法： 提炼生词 、 精简并记住句子e、 猜测可能词汇 p

生词

extolled its utility as 

utilitarian

architectural 

sculpture

boroughs

ostensibly

military 

salubrity

capable



# 7.structural creativity

- Crystal Palace
  - is 
    - made of iron
    - erected for the Exhibition 
    - covers the largest area
  - utilitarian purposes
  -  transferred afterwards
    - sculpture 、painting 、architectural exhibits、for concerts 
  - until November 1936
    - when it burned,
    - a lost symbol of happiness and brotherhood.
- Brooklyn Bridge
  - is
    - completed in steel
    - has the longest span
  -  utilitarian purposes
    - connect the two great boroughs
    -  increase real estate values
  - 
- Eiffel Tower
  - is
    - made of steel
    - reaches the greatest height. 
  - utilitarian purposes
    - ostensibly  for magnificent  view 
    - military lookout
    - the salubrity of the air
  - the innerspring
    -  to demonstrate
    - 



1 The three largest structures were products of p_5 in the 19th century. 

The Crystal Palace, made of p_1, p_1 for the Great Exhibition in London, p_4; 

the Brooklyn Bridge, completed in steel, p_4 ; the Eiffel Tower, made of steel, p_4. 

The first two had p_2. Crystal Palace not only served p_1 the Great Exhibition but, being p_1, was p_2 to Sydenham,p_7

The Brooklyn Bridge, built to p_5 of New York City, reflected the desire to p_4 in Brooklyn. 

The Eiffel Tower. it was meant to provide p_1 just a p_2 of Paris. 

Eiffel p_3 as a p_2, p_5 at its top, its uses as a laboratory, but p_2 to its construction was p_2 that France ,  



U7AR1 The Eiffel Tower



1 The three largest structures in the world were products of an outburst of structural creativity in the last half of the 19th century. The Crystal Palace, made of iron, erected for the 1851 Great Exhibition in London, covers the largest area; the Brooklyn Bridge, completed in steel in 1883, has the longest span; and the Eiffel Tower, made of steel and started in 1887, reaches the greatest height. The first two had utilitarian purposes. Sir Joseph Paxton's Crystal Palace not only served royally the Great Exhibition but, being demountable, was transferred afterwards to Sydenham, where it was used for sculpture, painting and architectural exhibits, and for concerts until November 1936, when it burned, a lost symbol of happiness and brotherhood. The Brooklyn Bridge, built to connect the two great boroughs of New York City, reflected the desire to increase real estate values in Brooklyn. The Eiffel Tower, on the other hand, is a case in itself. Built for the Paris Exhibition of 1889, it was meant to provide ostensibly nothing more or less than a magnificent view of Paris. Monsieur Eiffel extolled its utility as a military lookout, the salubrity of the air at its top, its uses as a laboratory to experiment with wind and gravity, but the innerspring to its construction was to demonstrate that France , 100 years after the revolution, was a leader of the technical world, capable of realizing the dream of a tower 300 meters high, almost 1,000 feet. It would be twice as high as the Washington Monument, at that time the tallest structure. Whatever its motivation, the tower in itself was and is totally "useless" from a practical point of view. 